1)check the introduction, theory, objective, procedure tabs 
2)Open the experiments tab
3)You get a dropdown with English, Hindi and Select Language as the options
4)for comfort let us select English from the dropdown
5)We are met with a sentence in English that is jumbled along with a message written “Form a sentence 
(Declarative or Interrogative or any other type) from the given words(select the buttons in proper order) “. 
There are clickable buttons pertaining to each word in the sentence.
6)So we click on any of the words and that word gets removed from the jumbled sentence and another message comes i.e. 
Formed Sentence (after selecting words): comes along with the clicked word we chose below it. Also, 
reform the sentence button is also visible.
7) As we keep clicking the words, the words keep getting added to the previously chosen words in the same order and
 keep vanishing from the original jumbled sentence as you are clicking them. As soon as all words are chosen and 
the original jumbled sentence is empty, another clickable button called “check the correctness of the sentence”  is 
visible which when clicked tells you whether your sentence is correct. 
8)If what you have chosen is correct and the sentence is syntactically and semantically right, it should Right answer!!! 
otherwise Wrong answer!!!
9) If the answer is wrong, another button is displayed that says, Get Correct Sentence which when clicked displays
 the correct answer(s).
10)The reform sentence button at any moment returns how many ever words you have chosen back to the jumbled sentence 
along with hiding the message  Formed Sentence (after selecting words). If it is clicked after you have selected all 
words, it will again return the words back to the jumbled order. This button basically acts as a reset button.
11)The Get Correct Sentence when clicked after displaying the right sentence becomes Hide the Correct Sentence wherein 
the correct sentence disappears. The Hide the correct sentence becomes get answers when clicked and so on.
12)Whenever the button “check the correctness of sentence” is pressed, the Get Correct sentence button is invoked. 
13)he English and Hindi Sentences are randomly chosen from a list of sentences. Every time English or Hindi is chosen, 
a new random English/Hindi Sentence comes into play. 
